Some new civilian hails and some new news items. (#5351)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/hails.txt

		"uninstall any radar jammers on your ship. They're useless"
		"use loans to get money to make money"
		"reduce the cost of your ships by using batteries over bigger generators"

> 		"jump into hostile systems at a large distance from the center"

Reviewer: You can't do this intentionally(?)

Author: That is true. I originally wrote this as a reference to #4432 for an Author ship, but this text might be confusing for players when they see a merchant saying this, so I'll remove this text here.

		"Apparently people think we'll work for exposure."
		"Not to mention this ship is not designed for a job like it."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Don't go for"
		"Don't participate in"
		"Stay away from"
		"Watch out for"
	word
		" "
	word
		"badly organized races"
		"inheritance scams"
		"shady transport jobs"
		"hitman transports"
	word
		"."
		"!"
	word
		" "
	word

> 		"I lost 20000 credits on one of those."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"I lost 20,000 credits on one of those."
```

		"I nearly got killed in one."
		"The Navy almost arrested me."
		"Those can ruin your life!"
		"They are usually too good to be true."
		"They take your money and you won't get anything in return."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"I have a delivery for"
		"I'm looking for"
		"My passengers need to go to"
	word
		" "
	word
		"Dune"
		"Earth"
		"Foundry"
		"Glaze"
		"Moonshake"
		"Norn"
		"Skillet"
	word
		", but my starmap doesn't list it."

> 		"; do you know where I can find that planet?"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"; do you know where I can find it?"
```
Optional; just sounded more natural to me this way.

> 		"; have you ever heard of a planet with that name?"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"; have you ever heard of it?"
```
Same as above.
In regards to Anarchist's comment about Earth above and your response, I do like the idea of someone trying to brag about Earth, so I'd agree with keeping it in.

		"; that planet shouldn't be too far from here."
		"; which hyperlane should I take to get there?"

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"I almost collided with"
		"I bumped into"
		"I found"
		"I picked up"
	word
		" "
	word
		"an antique teapot"

> 		"a convertable car"

Reviewer 3: Is this a reference to Elon Musk's Roadster? If so, I love it

Author: Yes, it is. I was considering adding a text like `with an inscription that says owned by Elon` but I think it works better this way.

		"some old memory capsule"
	word
		" "
	word
		"between Earth and Mars"
		"around Earth"
		"around Mars"
	word
		"."
		"!"
	word
		""
		"Can you believe that?"
		"Do you want to see it?"
		"It was in an unstable orbit."
		"Must have been launched in the old days."

> 		"Unbelieveable what people sent into space."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"Unbelievable what people sent into space back then."
```
`back then` is optional, I just think it sounds natural to have there.

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Check out the"
		"Look for the"
	word
		" "
	word

> 		"race that is organized"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"organized race"
```
More natural; personal preference.

Author: I changed it to just `race`. It is not really relevant for this sentence that somebody organized it.

		"stunt pilots flying in formation"
	word
		" "
	word
		"in the Deep"
		"in Syndicate space"

> 		"on Earth Day"

Reviewer 3: Could this cause some continuity issues with `last month` below since this hail can appear at any time of year? Maybe you could replace it with something like I've suggested below:
```suggestion
		"through the paradise worlds"
```

		"Apparently people think we'll work for exposure."
		"Not to mention this ship is not designed for a job like it."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Don't go for"
		"Don't participate in"
		"Stay away from"
		"Watch out for"
	word
		" "
	word
		"badly organized races"
		"inheritance scams"
		"shady transport jobs"
		"hitman transports"
	word
		"."
		"!"
	word
		" "
	word
		"I lost 20000 credits on one of those."
		"I nearly got killed in one."
		"The Navy almost arrested me."
		"Those can ruin your life!"
		"They are usually too good to be true."
		"They take your money and you won't get anything in return."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"I have a delivery for"
		"I'm looking for"
		"My passengers need to go to"
	word
		" "
	word
		"Dune"

> 		"Earth"

Reviewer: Earth?

Author: Yes, what is wrong with somebody looking for Earth? Some pilot born on Trinket might never have visited Earth before and might just not know how to get there.

The "have you ever heard of a planet with that name?" could be a bit odd in combination with Earth, because you would expect most people to at least have heard of Earth through the news. But I can imagine that some people didn't or that the person just wants to brag about going to Earth using this text.

		"Foundry"
		"Glaze"
		"Moonshake"
		"Norn"
		"Skillet"
	word
		"; "
	word

> 		"but my starmap doesn't list it."

Reviewer: This is a dependent clause, not an independent clause.

Author: I will update the structure to use a comma instead of a semicolon.

		"do you know where I can find that planet?"
		"have you ever heard of a planet with that name?"
		"that planet shouldn't be too far from here."
		"which hyperlane should I take to get there?"

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"I almost collided with"
		"I bumped into"
		"I found"
		"I picked up"
	word
		" "
	word
		"an antique teapot"
		"a convertable car"
		"some old memory capsule"
	word
		" "
	word
		"between Earth and Mars"
		"around Earth"
		"around Mars"
	word
		"."
		"!"
	word
		""
		"Can you believe that?"
		"Do you want to see it?"
		"It was in an unstable orbit."
		"Must have been launched in the old days."
		"Unbelieveable what people sent into space."

phrase "friendly civilian"
	word
		"Check out the"
		"Look for the"
	word
		" "
	word
		"race that is organized"
		"stunt pilots flying in formation"
	word
		" "
	word
		"in the Deep"
		"in Syndicate space"

> 		"on Earths Day"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"on Earth Day"
```

	word
		". "
		"! "
	word
		""

> 		"I was there three days ago."

Reviewer: But what if they're more than 3 jumps away from the Deep/Syndicate/Earth?

Author: Good point, I'll change it to "I was there last month."
